08.11.2024
# Projects to build today
1. Create a cloud wallet in Node.js
2. Creating BonkBot on SOL

## Private Key Management for Bot
well can't store a private key into a db, but if db gets screwed -> may loose credits

break private key into 3 or more part -downside-> well even if 2 are screwed, 3rd shard can be brute forced

more secured way-> `Shamir's secret sharing`
Shamir's secret sharing (SSS) is an efficient secret sharing algorithm for distributing private information (the "secret") among a group.

To reconstruct a secret secured by SSS, a number of shares is needed, called the threshold. No information about the secret can be gained from any number of shares below the threshold (a property called perfect secrecy).

`Good Approach->` Multi Party Computation/Communication
MPC is a concept that gives different parties to a relationship the ability to compute data and arrive at a mutually desired result without requiring parties to the transaction to divulge their private data.

### What if don't want to share data but prove that it is authentic?

MPC-> like 3 people have a number
they don't know what all of them have, just have some math


different people verifing your creds sort of

## Diff b/w Shamir and NPC
Shamir - Break and Join the private key, gives back the private key, aspects that you hold the private key

MPC has created multiple machines, creating private key and then authenticating again.
Private key parts are generated by multiple parties,


### What if backend gets hacked?
decentralized peer-to-peer communication with end-to-end encryption
user side validation

random private key is shared b/w server and user, not really can be tampered, stored in browser

# Creating a cloud wallet

We need to create a website where users can come, sign up and create a `cloud wallet` for themselves. They can login via username and password, create new wallets, ask the backend to sign a transaction on their behalf.

- User signs up
    
    POST `/api/v1/signup`
    
    ```
    {
      "username": "harkirat",
      "password": "123456"
    }
    ```
    
    Returns
    Status 200
    
    ```
    {
       "publicKey": ""
    }
    ```
    
    Status 400
    
    ```
    {
       message: "User already exists"
    }
    ```
    
- User signs in
    
    POST `/api/v1/signin`
    
    ```
    {
      "username": "harkirat",
      "password": "123456"
    }
    ```
    
    Returns 
    Status 200
    
    ```
    {
       jwt: "jwt"
    }
    ```
    
    Status 401
    
    ```
    {
       message: "Incorrect credentials"
    }
    ```
    
- Users asks to sign a txn
    
    POST /api/v1/txn/sign
    
    ```
    {
        message: "transaction_signature",
        retry?: true/false
    }
    ```
    
    Returns
    200
    
    ```
    {
    	id: "id_to_track_txn
    }
    ```
    
- User asks for the status of a problem
    
    GET /api/v1/txn/?id=id
    Returns
    
    ```
    {
    	signatures: ["xyz"],
    	status: "processing" | "success" | "failed"
    }
    ```
    

Hints

- Node polyfills in react
    
    https://www.npmjs.com/package/vite-plugin-node-polyfills
    
- String private key to uint8array
    
    https://gist.github.com/Xavier59/b0b216f003b8e54db53c39397e98cd70

make a backend and frontend folder-> mongodb will be used
`docker run -p 27017:27017 mongo`

write code, put some private key into .env in backend folder
